Here are a few tips how to write well.

================================================================================

When describing a project, go through these steps:

Motivation or choice:
Why did you choose to work on the project? Avoid saying things like, I was told
to, someone wanted me to, or even my supervisor was already working on it. You
want to actively make a choice, not someone else making the choice for you and
you passively accept it. This will also reflect in the voice of the sentence, an
active voice will sound usually better than a passive one.A good motivation has
a general (objective) and a personal (subjective) component. A general
motivation can be that the successful finalization of this project, will lead to
better understanding of something for mankind, or maximizing revenue for a
company involved. The personal component can be that working on this project
give you personal satisfaction, or it finally might let you learn that new web
framework.

Challenges:
After finalization of a project, it will look easy. No one that was not part of
the project, will understand the many difficult decisions it took, to bring the
project to fruition. That is why it is important, to describe the projects'
challenges in all detail.

Results:
It is now time to present the results of the project. Stick to the most
important results, but be quantitative and precise.

Improvements:
This can include two components, both if applicable: How did the project improve
compared to a previous iteration? And what are the improvements that could be
implemented in a next iteration? The latter question should also be answered,
even if you do not intend to work on this project in the future again.

================================================================================

STAR technique, this is a technique used by interviewers to gather all the relevant
information about a specific capability that the job requires.

Situation:
The interviewer wants you to present a recent challenge and situation in which
you found yourself.

Task:
What were you required to achieve? The interviewer will be looking to see what
you were trying to achieve from the situation. Some performance development
methods use "Target" rather than "Task". Job interview candidates who
describe a "Target" they set themselves instead of an externally imposed "Task"
emphasize their own intrinsic motivation to perform and to develop their
performance.

Action:
What did you do? The interviewer will be looking for information on what you
did, why you did it and what the alternatives were.

Results:
What was the outcome of your actions? What did you achieve through your actions
and did you meet your objectives? What did you learn from this experience and
have you used this learning since?

================================================================================

SOARA technique, this is similar to the STAR technique.

Situation:
The interviewer wants you to present a recent challenge and situation you found
yourself in.

Objective:
What did you have to achieve? The interviewer will be looking to see what you
were trying to achieve from the situation.

Action:
What did you do? The interviewer will be looking for information on what you
did, why you did it and what were the alternatives.

Results:
What was the outcome of your actions? What did you achieve through your actions
and did you meet your objectives.

Aftermath:
What did you learn from this experience and have you used this learning since?
